## Feature Plan: 

To build the warrant feature, we need to first initialize a few things. First, we need to establish a warrant amount. The user should be able to choose their warrant amount, which is the amount they have ensuring that their product works as advertised. This leads to the next feature we need to initiate, which is that if the product quality is different than the advertised quality, then we pay that customer the warranted amount of money that we initialized. However, we also need to think about the benefits of the warrant. This article I found by Medium (https://medium.com/@anjarsaadia1/the-power-of-warranty-marketing-in-e-commerce-building-trust-and-boosting-sales-ecbebb8c0a60 ) gives a lot of information on how warrants benefit companies. Based on it, I decided that the warrant would help increase a company's sales since customers become more confident in the product’s quality if it has a warrant, and so more customers will purchase the product. Also, the higher the warrant amount, the more likely it is for more customers to purchase the product. For the warrant amount, I wanted the user to choose a warrant amount between $0 and $100. I believe this was a good range as the size of producers was small, and so setting a higher amount could result in very negative results. To implement the way the user selects their warrant amount, I decided to use a slider. This was an easy feature to implement that automatically constrained the user to choose values from the desired range. For the amount of new customers reached based on the warrant, I wanted to implement this feature with a little variability. I decided to use a random function that also takes the warrant amount into account when choosing how many more customers purchase the product. I wanted variability to better imitate real-life situations. Sometimes, a warrant can help the producers gain a lot of customers, but it also might not help them that much, and I believed it was important to implement that. Now that we have the warrant amount and the benefits of the warrant, we need to implement users challenging the warrant. First, we need to find out how many people challenge the warrant. To do this, I also decided to use a random function that takes into account the amount of people who purchased the product. The reasoning for this is the same as before to better simulate real-life situations where we don’t always know how many people challenge the warrant. After finding the amount of people who challenge the warrant, we can find out if those challenges are successful or not based if the advertised quality was the same as the produced quality. If it was the same, none of the challenges were successful, and so no need to pay anyone. However, if they weren’t the same, the producer would have to pay each challenger by the warrant amount. 

## Feature in the real world:

This feature is reflected in the real-world marketplace as many companies have product warranties. Companies do this to build trust with consumers and differentiate their offerings in the market. Companies also have warranties to expand their customer base as a way of promoting their products. By adding a random function to the number of extra customers a company gains from their warrant, it allows the simulation to be more accurate of the real world since the real world has a lot of variability. This also applies to the number of people who challenge the warrant since that function is somewhat random. By combining all of these components, it makes the simulation as a whole more indicative of the real world since producers get a lot of options to advertise their products, and a lot of variability when it comes to the outcome of it.  
